# Tasky
This is Tasky. A small, basic task manager program runs on your terminal!
Tasky shows ur tasks in a scrollable table with columns Status & Titles. You're able to display the full task title and its status, when a row is highlighted.
Now, how to use it? It's simply easy. You only runs the Tasky.exe file in this reposity, and press "a" in your keyboard for adding new task, "c" for completing / uncompleting your selected task, "d" for deleting it, "/" to search for your task, "t" to toggle between light and dark theme as you wish, "Enter" button to show your task details in simple model, "up and down" buttons to navigate between tasks, and "q" if you want to close and quit the whole program. But wait, what about storing your tasks in the program!!! Nahh, Tasky solves it! When you add, or delete or any type of editing on your tasks, a file cald tasks.JSON will be created permenantly that saves everything that is happend on your app.
Now, start your self-enhancing year-plan with Tasky!
To open it (sorry I wanted to upload it .exe but github unaccepted 😅), download the Tasky.py file first. Go to powershell of your operating system, then download pyinstaller if it's not downloaded with command "pip install pyinstaller", and check at the end from it's version (to now whether the donwload completed or not) with "pyinstaller --version". Now, you verified the download of pyinstaller, open the folder that contains the .py file in powershell, and type this command "pyinstaller --onefile Tasky.py" to make one file for the program called Tasky.exe. Wait a couple of minutes till it's completed, and then open the folder that contained the .py file. You'll find the .py file and additional files and folders related to the process of programming and folder called "dist". Open it and you'll finally find Tasky.exe. And start your journey!
